docs: add standalone details to NG0302 (#46090)
angular/angular: aio/content/errors/NG0302.md

@name Pipe Not Found
@category runtime
@videoUrl https://www.youtube.com/embed/maI2u6Sxk9M
@videoInformation Note: The video predates standalone pipes, please refer to additional instructions below if use make use of them.
@shortDescription Pipe not found!

@description
Angular can't find a pipe with this name.

The pipe referenced in the template has not been named or declared properly.

In order for a [pipe](guide/pipes) to be used:

>  - it must be declared (as part of an `NgModule` or as standalone).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - it must be declared as a part of an `NgModule` (added to the `declarations` array) or marked as standalone (by adding the `standalone: true` flag to the Pipe decorator).
```

>  - it must be imported in the `NgModule` or standalone component where it is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - it must be imported in an `NgModule` or a standalone component where it is used.
```
